Rejuggle data documentation (#22189)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/dashboards/navigator-component.md

## Overview

The `NavigatorComponent` is part of the `Dashboards` plugins. It utilizes the

> navigator of `Highcharts Stock` to provide an overview over the values of a table

Reviewer: I'm not sure if for **Dashboards** and **Highcharts Stock** we should use \` here. For `Navigate Component`, yes, because it is part of the code. If we want to highlight, can we write them in italics or bold? By the way, for Highcharts Stock you can add a URL to an article with the navigator.

Reviewer 2: I agree with Dawid, especially that in other parts of the docs we use `**Dashboard**`

Author: I agree, these are brand names and it will be enough to capitalize them. I will fix it.

The Navigator Component can be synced with other components in Dashboards. Two synchronization types are predefined for the Navigator Component: [`crossfilter`](https://api.highcharts.com/dashboards/#interfaces/Dashboards_Components_NavigatorComponent_NavigatorComponentOptions.SyncOptions#crossfilter) and [`extremes`](https://api.highcharts.com/dashboards/#interfaces/Dashboards_Components_NavigatorComponent_NavigatorComponentOptions.SyncOptions#extremes). You can find more information about it in the [sync article](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/dashboards/synchronize-components).

> `Crossfilter` sync is specific to the `Navigator Component`. You can learn more about this below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Crossfilter` sync is specific to the `NavigatorComponent`. You can learn more about this below.
```
